Create 23100 feature list.md (#254)
o3de/sig-release: releases/23.10.0/23100 feature list.md

# O3DE 23.10 Feature List

**Open 3D Engine (O3DE)** 23.10 release levels up the authoring experience for game creators and robotics simulation developers. In addition to improvements to the core engine, robotics users in O3DE now have an updated ROS2 Gem, a Gem that provides integration with the [Robot Operating System (ROS2)](https://www.ros.org/), which provides drivers, state-of-the-art algorithms, and developer tools for robotics simulations.

## Highlights

Here are some highlights of O3DE 23.10, followed by a detailed list of features broken down by Special Interest Group (SIG).

> 1. New and Improved Authoring Experiences: Added compact nodes to Script Canvas. These are nodes that handle simple operations and are utilize less visual space, making for a more compact and easier to debug graph. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. New and Improved Authoring Experiences: Added compact nodes to Script Canvas. These are nodes that handle simple operations and utilize less visual space, making for a more compact and easier to debug graph. 
```

3. New Prefab Overrides (experimental): Default disabled, requires DPE to be enabled. Added support for prefab overrides in the new Document Property Editor (DPE) inspector. Prefab overrides are now visible as blue dots in the inspector. Users can see and manipulate overrides on entities at property and component levels. (RFC: https://github.com/o3de/sig-content/issues/112) How to enable: (https://docs.o3de.org/docs/learning-guide/tutorials/entities-and-prefabs/override-a-prefab/#prefab-overrides-in-entity-inspector)

> 4. Installation and Gem Improvements: Automation to create remote object repos (gems, templates, and projects), making it easier that ever to for users to access other users content in O3DE. Linux Snap packages for both Ubunti 20.04 and 22.04 support, making it easier to install an already compiled version of O3DE on Linux. Many fixes to the installation and setup experience for Linux when utilizing Debian, Snap, or GitHub installation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Installation and Gem Improvements: Automation to create remote object repos (gems, templates, and projects), making it easier than ever for users to access other users content in O3DE. Linux Snap packages for both Ubuntu 20.04 and 22.04 support, making it easier to install an already compiled version of O3DE on Linux. Many fixes to the installation and setup experience for Linux when utilizing Debian, Snap, or GitHub installation. 
```
